I'm the only one of me. Baby, that's the fun of me.
I could show you incredible things.
Nice to meet you, where you been?
So if you're coming my way, just don't.
Don’t you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine.
The way you walk, way you talk, way you say my name; it’s beautiful, wonderful, don’t you ever change. 
I’m captivated by you, baby, like a firework show.
These are the words I held back as I was leaving too soon: I was enchanted to meet you.
In my dreams, you’re touching my face and asking me if I want to try again with you.
Last night, I heard my own heart beating, sounded like footsteps on my stairs, six months gone and I'm still reaching even though I know you're not there.
And you call me up again just to break me like a promise, so casually cruel in the name of being honest.
Darling, I’m a nightmare dressed like a daydream ;)
You were my crown, now I'm in exile, seein' you out.
You had to kill me, but it killed you just the same.
And though I can’t recall your face; I still got love for you.
The devil’s in the details, but you got a friend in me.
If I can't relate to you anymore, then who am I related to?
I just think that you are what you love.
Please don't ever become a stranger whose laugh I could recognize anywhere.
I could build a castle out of all the bricks they threw at me.
I once believed love would be burning red, but it's golden.
I know I make the same mistakes every time, bridges burn, I never learn, at least I did one thing right, I did one thing right.
They are the hunters, we are the foxes, AND WE RUN!!!
I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you.
We can’t make any promises, now can we babe? But, you can make me a drink.
If you have children some day, please tell them my name. Tell them how I hope they shine.
Someday you’ll turn your radio on, I hope it takes you back to that place.
You and I are painting pictures in the sky.
There’s a fire inside of you that can’t help but shine through.
Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground.
My faith in you was fading when I met you on the outskirts of town.
I know looks can be deceiving but I know I saw a light in you.
No amount of freedom gets you clean, I still got you all over me.
Every move you make, everything you say is right.
Good thing my daddy made me get a boating license when I was fifteen.
The more that you say, the less I know.
I'm begging for you to take my hand, wreck my plans, that's my man.
From you I'd buy anything ;)
This ain’t for the best, my reputation’s never been worse, so you must like me for me.
Hold onto the memories, they will hold onto you.
I’d kiss you as the lights went out, swaying as the room burned down. I’d hold you as the water rushes in, if I could dance with you again.
I’d tell you I miss you, but I don’t know how I’ve never heard silence quite this loud.
I bet it never, ever occurred to you that I can’t say hello to you and risk another goodbye.
Drop everything now. Meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk. Take away the pain.
I see sparks fly whenever you smile.
Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around.
I'll run my fingers through your hair and watch the lights go wild.
Just keep on keeping your eyes on me, it's just wrong enough to make it feel right.
Won't you whisper soft and slow?
We're dancing around the kitchen in the refrigerator light. Down the stairs, I was there, I remember it all too well.
I’m a mess but I’m the mess that you wanted.
You're still all over me like a wine stained dress I can't wear anymore.
So you were never a saint and I loved in shades of wrong.
I can't help but wish you took me with you.
I'll spend forever wondering if you knew, I was enchanted to meet you.
Please don't be in love with someone else. Please don't have somebody waiting on you.
Life was a willow and it bent right to your wind.
Love you to the Moon and to Saturn <3.
We never painted by the numbers, baby. But we were making it count.
And isn't it just so pretty to think all along there was some invisible string tying you to me?
I don't wanna look at anything else now that I saw you.
You got that James Dean daydream look in your eyes.
I just like hanging out with you, all the time.
The rest of the world was black and white but we were in screaming colour.
Your name, forever the name on my lips.
You are the best thing that's ever been mine <3
We're happy, free, confused, and lonely in the best way.
I forgot that you existed and I thought that it would kill me, but it didn't.
It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you.
It takes everything in me just to get up each day, but it's wonderful to see that you're okay.
No one could touch the way we laughed in the dark.
Remember how I said I'd die for you?
Did you think we'd be fine? Still got scars in my back from your knives.
Your heart was glass, I dropped it.
I'm not your problem anymore, so who am I offending now?
I think I've seen this film before and I didn't like the ending.
Fighting with a true love is boxing with no gloves.
I come back stronger than a '90s trend.
If I was out flashing my dollars, I'd be a bitch not a baller.
Snakes and stones never broke my bones.
Shade never made anybody less gay.
I promise that you'll never find another like me.
I never trust a narcissist but they love me.
Honey, I rose up from the dead, I do it all the time.
I swear I don't love the drama, it loves me.
I can make the bad guys good for a weekend.
I wanna be your end game. I wanna be your first string. I wanna be your A-Team.
I got that red lip classic thing that you like.
Baby, I know places we won't be found.
And darling, it was good never looking down. And right there where we stood was holy ground.
All I know since yesterday is everything has changed.
The whole place was dressed to the nines and we were dancing like we're made of starlight.
You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story baby just say yes.
Everything will be alright if you keep me next to you.
We're getting stronger now, finding things they never found. They might be bigger but we're faster and never scared.
I know your favorite songs and you tell me about your dreams.
The rest of the world was black and white, but we were in screaming color.
Ooh, look what you made me do ;)
Someday, you'll be big enough so they can't hit you and all they're ever gonna be is mean.
There is nothing I do better than revenge.
We are never, ever, ever, ever getting back together. Like, ever.
I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me?
Feels like I’m falling and I am lost in your eyes. You make me crazier, crazier, crazier.
Misty morning comes again and I can‘t help but wish I could see your face.
We should love, not fall in love, because everything that falls, gets broken.
There are two ways you can go with pain: You can let it destroy you or you can use it as fuel to drive you.
I knew you were trouble when you walked in. So shame on me now.
The time is gonna come when you‘re so mad you could cry, But I‘ll hold you through the night until you smile.
Giving up doesn’t always mean your weak, sometimes it just means you’re strong enough to let go.
So dim that spotlight, tell me things like, I can’t take my eyes off of you.
Never believe anyone who tells you that you don’t deserve what you want.
Your lucky enough to be different, never change.
I’m only me when I’m with you.
Beauty is sincerity. There are so many different ways someone can be beautiful.
